Adding in the powerful P combinator (#429)
evilsoft/crocks: docs/src/pages/docs/functions/combinators.md

something, it returns that thing right back to you. So simple, I will leave it
as an exercise to reason about why this is so powerful and important.

> #### psi

Reviewer: for the other combinators, we've in the past prefered descriptive names over conventional ones. (i.e. 'flip' vs 'kestrel' or 'C')

in this case, maybe we'd prefer 'on' ?

Author: Yeah i know `on` is what this is called in Haskell and Sanctuary but i don't find it to be that descriptive honestly, I got the original reference and name from [here](https://gist.github.com/Avaq/1f0636ec5c8d6aed2e45) we seem to have matched the names with most everything else except `thrush`

Reviewer: looks like a solid precedent. Thanks for addressing this.

`crocks/combinators/psi`

```haskell
psi ::  (b -> b -> c) -> (a -> b) -> a -> a -> c
```

`psi` is a function that can be considered the sister of [`converge`](#converge).

> Where [`converge`](#converge) takes one argument an maps it through two functions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where [`converge`](#converge) takes one argument and maps it through two functions,
```

> merging the resulting values with an accumulating function, `psi` takes two

Reviewer: ```suggestion
merging the resulting values with an binary combination function, `psi` takes two
```

Reviewer: `binary` is important. If there are other instances in docs where `accumulating` is preferred over `combining`, or if there is some other term, use that.

Author: So this is actually similiar to what i wrote originally, my preference is `binary` over `accumulating` however i changed this to match the phrasing of `converge` and have a common voice. 
Should we make a point of changing the docs for `converge`?

Author: I might also drop combination from your suggestion, i'm not sure it's neccessary

Reviewer: sounds good to me. To my ear, binary is clearer than accumulating, so i'd prefer to see that jargon adopted globally @evilsoft ?

Author: Yeah i would agree 100%

> arguments and runs them through the same function individually before merging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arguments and runs each through the same unary function before merging
```

> them with the given accumulating function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
them with the given binary combination function.
```

> `psi` is often used to easily [`compose`][compose] equality checking functions or when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`psi` is often used to [`compose`][compose] equality checking functions or when
```

needing to validate two arguments of the same type.

```javascript
import psi from 'crocks/combinators/psi'

import and from 'crocks/logic/and'
import equals from 'crocks/pointfree/equals'
import isNumber from 'crocks/predicates/isNumber'
import liftA2 from 'crocks/helpers/liftA2'
import safe from 'crocks/Maybe/safe'

// isNonZero :: Number -> Boolean
const isNonZero = x => x !== 0

> // isValid :: Number -> Boolean

Reviewer: ```suggestion:+2
// isValidDivisor :: Number -> Boolean
const isValidDivisor = and(isNumber, isNonZero) 
```

const isValid = and(isNumber, isNonZero)

// divideBy :: Number -> Number -> Number
const divideBy = x => y => y / x

// safeDivide :: Number -> Number -> Maybe Number
const safeDivide =

>   psi(liftA2(divideBy), safe(isValid))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  psi(liftA2(divideBy), safe(isValidDivisor))
```

safeDivide(0.5, 21)
//=> Just 42

safeDivide('0.5', 21)
//=> Nothing

safeDivide(0.5, '21')
//=> Nothing

safeDivide(29, 0)
//=> Nothing

> // toTitleCase :: String -> String

Reviewer: ```suggestion:+2
// capitalize :: String -> String
const capitalize = str => 
```

const toTitleCase = str =>
  `${str.charAt(0).toUpperCase()}${str.slice(1)}`

// join :: String -> String -> String -> String
const join = delim => right => left =>
  `${left}${delim}${right}`

// createName :: String -> String -> String
const createName =

>   psi(join(', '), toTitleCase)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  psi(join(', '), capitalize)
```

createName('Jon', 'doe')
//=> Doe, Jon

createName('sara', 'smith')
//=> Smith, Sara

// toLowerCase :: String -> String
const toLowerCase = str =>
  str.toLowerCase()

// equalsIgnoreCase :: String -> String -> Boolean

> const equalsIgnoreCase =

Reviewer: great example this really drives the use case home!

Author: Yeah equality checking is really where `psi` earns it's stripes
